[ Music ]
>> Hello my delicious
co-creators it's Lilou
on the road, I'm in
Japan, I'm not in Europe,
I just actually landed in Japan
and we had this amazing symphony
of peace prayer here at
the foot of Mt. Fuji.
It's absolutely delicious
and the world leaders,
some
of the religious...religions
were represented
by different leaders and
I have here next to me,
Mughal who is representing
the Sufi...Sufi Islam Sufi.
>> Yes.
>> And its...so we're going
to have this conversation,
I really was very excited,
moved, inspired in tears
to see all the different
religions,
at least 8 of the different
religions walk on stage.
A lot of the emotion it was
like a dream coming true,
I can't even explain
what...tell us
about this interfaith
and what it creates.
>> Actually you know that
I'm living in Japan more
than 28 years, so my dream
was you know to bring peace
in the world through Japan.
Because Japan is a very
peaceful nation and I think
that they are very
opened minded people
so they can do...they can
accept all kind of religions,
they don't have any mistake,
misunderstanding about it,
they respect all religion,
so that's why you know I have
been doing about 28 years
as my mission but from last
5 years this SOPP is one my
friends, her father and mother
are doing this [inaudible]
as she was yesterday,
so they asked me
to join as Islamic Sufi pray.
Then I came here and we brought
this all religion is Christian,
Judaea, Hindu, Sikh
so all religions
from the world pray together.
So I think this is the prayers
are a very important thing
to bring peace in.
So that's why started this and
you [inaudible] and we did it.
>> You feel there is some
component to good prayer?
>> Yes, actually as the
religion is come from God
and God teaching every
religion to pray.
There is no religion without
pray, so frees the essence
of the religion when
somebody pray you can feel
that how much is
a peaceful mind.
So that's why I taught
that religion is,
I think that there
is several kind
of religion it's
like music, you know.
Do, Ra, Me, Fa, So, La, Te, Do,
if only one, if I'm the only one
that best there is no music.
But when you get Do, Ra, Me,
Fa, Christian, Islam, Judaism,
whatever all come pray together,
so this is an symphony
of free spirit.
You get the symphony, you get
music but [inaudible] is nothing
so now is the time to
bring together people
and make harmony
and loving peace.
>> Um, definitely there was this
communion beyond...can we say it
was beyond the religions
or how do you describe it?
>> Actually not beyond the
religion but first you have
that religion, if you don't have
religion you can't see beyond
the religion, you know.
But people...a lot of people
that don't have religion anymore
so we don't force on the
people that you should follow
or you strictly believe
in this religion no,
first of all come
and pray with us.
When you pray then your spirit
will get a little bit holy
and feel like I am something and
step by step the people get near
to God and that religion,
you know works with them.
That's why in a way a lot of
the religious people that come
in they're praying but I feel
that the religious
leaders are praying
but their nations are fighting.
This is a conflict.
>> Yes.
>> So this why I feel
something bad so better
to bring the best
image of the religion.
Now religions are
the best thing,
right now people have no
[inaudible] of fighting,
this is a bad thing, It's not
good, I think that's wrong.
>> Tell us about
your view on Sufism.
>> Actually Sufism, you know
when I was 11 years old,
in Sufism we pray same like as
a usual Muslim five times a day
but, plus we do meditation.
So there's many kind of
groups, some groups are dancing,
some groups are focusing
on the music,
so some people are focusing on
the poetry but in my kind of,
you know Sufism we call it
specialism is a meditation.
Get up early in the
morning before 5 o'clock,
30 to 40 minutes of silence
to make my mind empty,
then when mind is
empty the spirit of God
and it will make you
holy and inspiring you
to create something new.
So this is very,
very special thing
but to have hardship to do that.
>> Tell us more about the
kind of mediation you practice
since a lot of people that
are watching all the videos
on GAIAM TV are already
practicing or watching or,
you know doing yoga
and all these things,
how would you describe
your kind of meditation?
>> Actually you know mostly
I was reciting, go around,
we call it azan every morning
in the five o'clock...four
to four-thirty, to first
of all to get up early
in the morning is the best way.
This is the first step to;
you know to fight
with your sleeping.
So people cannot get...it's
very hard to get up early
in the morning, so before
sunrise you have to get up early
and before praying you know.
Everybody has their
own way of praying,
go ahead it doesn't
matter how do you pray
but before pray make your
mind holy with your holy mind
when you pray it will work.
So mind is actually we
have a lot of worries,
we have you know early
in the morning or I have
to pay my debt, I have to
pay...buy me car, I have to meet
that person, a lot of worries,
I call that a lot of host
of worries are pulling your
mind so you are be drawn
by the very worries of
false worries you know.
There's 100 [inaudible]
working with your mind.
These could destroy you so
that's why we are not peace
in the mind so how to cut
off all these worries.
So the cut off all
these is not easy job.
At the beginning maybe 10 20
minutes it will take hardship
but when you get worried empty
mind then the real meditation
will start.
Your mind will be silent
and you can listen the voice
of small insect, small, small
voices are coming to you...
Oh my God maybe you can see
the ways of leaves, trees,
natures are coming to you
and I feel oh my God
I didn't realize a lot
of voices are [inaudible]
so this is the real
symphony of harmony.
The nature have the harmony but
our minds cannot feel that so
when you feel the nature inside
of you oh really you
get more peaceful mind
and then God spirits, high
level spirits come to you
and you inspiring and after that
you pray, that pray would work.
That whole day will get
more special, more exciting,
more happy, this is the way.
>> Um, tell us about
your outfit,
tell us about the different
components and how is
that related to your religion.
>> Actually you know religion,
Islam is okay everybody is
practicing say like five days,
me too, but you know [inaudible]
these special things come
to my work; actually
I'm [inaudible].
So I am a TV commentator
you know in Japanese
and been to a lot of TV shows.
So when my mind is empty
and I'M very inspiring early
in the morning I
do very good show.
Presently I'm doing very good
talk with you, same like that,
this work too you know
it's effect on your work.
I'm trying to write...oh what I
write something new [inaudible]
comes out.
I meet people really
I give new ideas.
I'm business man, I'm very
old I do good business,
I'm carpet dealer, you know
I'm selling the patient carpet,
oh a lot of customer
comes in I can sell them
so this whole get very happy
but if my mind is not set
up customer comes to you,
not handling them with love,
not you giving attentions,
it will be destroying mine.
So that's why the best
thing is to make your mind
and body unity, the unification
of your mind and body,
it works and people get happy.
>> And related to the costume?
>> Right, related to the costume
actually it's time for pray,
I'm using...actually this is one
of my friend's from royal family
in Saudi Arabia so
he came to Japan.
I was...because I'm doing
interfaith talk show
so I invited them, highly
religious these people
around the world in Japan.
So he brought this gift for
me, he said no it suits you.
Inside is my Pakistani
dress but this is from Arab
so [inaudible] I got it.
So I love this [inaudible]
because we believe
this is a holy land,
Saudi Arabia is a holy land,
this is actually the Arab
religious clothes...costume
so I feel it holy, you know what
I mean I [inaudible] pray it
so when I get this turban from
Pakistan, inside is Pakistan,
out is come from
Saudi Arabia it's all
like this religious what
did you say clothes.
>> Yes.
>> Will make you
more comfortable
when you do religious things.
>> Yeah, how about that
because I'm wearing
as you can tell the ucata
which is not the kimono
but It's called the ucata
and you're wearing this
and it's kind of...it's not like
we're playing roles but it kind
of creates some fun,
I mean there's something
else that happens, uh?
>> Yes maybe...how
do you feel now,
you feel your spirits get
a little bit Japanese?
>> I feel very centered.
>> So this costume...you
know in my philosophy I feel
that if you're an army
soldier you're going to fight
with this clothes,
you cannot fight.
When doctor is going
to cut your body
and having the soldier uniform
what will happen...oh It's scary
so every work, every
job needs the uniform
so this is our uniform
for spiritual work.
When you're in suit you're
doing it as a business man,
so this is our uniform.
>> [Inaudible section] tell us
you know what...I love the word
oishi; I think life is oishi;
this is how you say
it in Japanese.
Tell us about the consciousness
and how you see we're
all related
and interlinked with each other.
>> Actually you know this whole
human being, when I get married
with you definitely the children
are born as a human being,
not monkey, not a lions,
so you know the human being
when connected to each other
they create human being,
not an animal.
God created us because he's
a God so what does he feel,
he created, he created the
children of God not physically
but he don't have the shape,
he don't have the body
but he create...we are the image
of God, you are the female image
of God and I'm male
image of God.
When we unite, when
we love each other,
when we combine we create
another children of God,
so that's why I believe that
all humanity even white, black,
yellow, whatever,
Indian, Pakistani,
Jewish whatever we're all
human beings, we are brother
and sisters, we are
the one family.
But of some due to
this political thing,
due to material desires
we are disconnected
and then we make our own
countries, your friends,
I am Indian, you are Pakistani,
a lot of borders comes.
So where do these borders come
from, it's from the human mind.
Because there is a border
in the mind that's why we
say no I don't want you,
I want to be separate from you,
this kind of tension is coming
and we are making you know
troubles around the world.
So my purpose is just back
to a reasonable position,
let's go back and
make peace mine
and let's unite together
with the God loves.
>> You said that last flag
was the flag of the earth?
>> Yes, yes, yes so there was
about 196 countries we have
been praying to each flag
but final flag is
the flag of earth.
Because the earth is our
mother, we born from this earth.
You know when I was children
I can give you this message,
very important, I learned
from my father you know,
as a father we're
reborn where we come from
and what are we doing here
and where we are going.
Is three questions,
this is very easy,
it says when you are a child
you're born from mother and then
from child you go
to the young age
and from young age
you're going to be old.
So when you're a child you
don't know what is young,
what is a youth, what is the
feeling of young, the energy
and the love passions,
this you have
to be experience, I
cannot explain you.
So there is no philosophy, no
teaching so when you are young
or adult you will feel that...oh
this is young, I am young man.
When finally you got to that old
but you cannot feel what is
the old, ask your grandmother,
she knows what is old,
how much she is suffering,
how much she has pain in
the knees, how she pains,
a lot of pains, old person
has a lot of difficulties,
this is...you cannot understand
and they cannot explain to you.
So you have to experience
what is the old,
when you get old you will
understand...oh my God I am too
old, now I can't do anything.
This is what then after this
then you are going to die.
So what is the death, you
have to experience first.
Other wise you can't say, so
there is an old philosophy
of death, what is that...first
try death you will know that,
what [inaudible] father,
there is some word
after death, that's my question.
That's when I was so genius
when I was 11 years old
so my father yes you're right
I'm going to give you the answer
of death, there's
a spiritual world
after die we go to
the spiritual.
I said where we go, just
think when you was old
that you was young
and then before young
when you was a child
and before child yes,
I was baby in the stomach
and before baby I was...oh
that is the question,
before baby you was blood,
blood of mother, blood
of father and mixing
and getting creation
of children.
Where does this blood come
from now...oh I see this come
from food, we eat and blood
comes and we become body,
that's okay and then food
where it comes from,
it comes from earth.
So that where we came from
earth, the earth is our mother,
we was physically,
biologically born by earth.
But I said to my father it's
okay I understand but what
about this inside light, he
says yes the spirit comes
from spirit, spiritual world
so we are the combination
of the physical world
and spiritual world
so spiritual world
light come from God
so when we are 5 years old we
have the light of 100 watt,
and the 500 watts will be
getting, growing, growing
but it depends on you, you
have to charge it, it's depends
on your battery, how much
you have strong battery.
Where this light come from
God and body come from earth,
when we die the body will go
to the grave and spirit will go
to the spiritual world.
This is the mechanism of
human being, if you understand
about this mechanism you will
not worry, you are not afraid
of anything and you
will be more happy.
>> When you received the
inspiration you said you were
meditating and it just
comes...how does it feel like
and where is this...you're
saying it's coming from God,
it's coming from the
universe could we say?
>> Yeah, you can say that...you
can say...nobody has seen the
God you know, there
is no image of God,
everybody has their own image
of God, It's really more simple,
it's a nature but it is a very,
very high power, it's a light.
You can see the size that's
why we call it enlightenment
of the human being is a Sufism.
Sufism is enlightenment;
spiritual enlightenment
of the human being is a Sufism.
Sufism is enlightenment,
spiritual enlightenment
of the human mind.
So when your mind if light
you can see everything.
You know when you are
in the darkness and get
in the room you will be you
know hitting many things
and getting hurt and
you will get big problem
but when you have light
inside of the mind you
where is my chairs are
putting, where is my camera,
there is no light
but there is light
in your mind you know your
room, you easily enter it
without light because
you are so confident.
The best kind of
confidence come to you
through this enlightenment.
>> How do you define
enlightenment because a lot
of people on earth are looking
and searching for enlightenment,
there's many different religions
among souls who are praying
in the monasteries or
seeking that enlightenment,
the Dalai Lama also most
likely in many people,
even us ordinary people we
have moments of enlightenment
without maybe even praying
or having [inaudible]
religious practice.
>> The easiest way to
start you know get up early
in the morning before sun rise
because this light
will be destroy you
so we need the spiritual
light, this is very important
that you should be
balanced with the nature.
So at that time the
light is very beautiful,
I'm telling you before
sunrise, one hour is beautiful
at [inaudible] and go
to the silent place
where you cannot listen to
any other destroying music
or light motor bike or car,
it will destroy your mind.
Get in the mountain because
I living near to the sea,
I'm seaside and I can
listen to the waves
of sea, that's no problem.
I can hear it and I can get it
and sometimes mountain
is the best,
go and make your life same
life style or what easy
for you just sit down and trying
to nothing...trying to nothing
but this is very hard,
you know a lot of worries,
a lot of things are in
your mind, I have to do,
I have to pay my bank, I have
to meet my father, I have to go
to Japan, my visa...lot
of worries are there
so t his is hundred
kind of worries.
I call it this hundred kind
of...hundred horse powers
worries are pulling your mind,
that's destroying
your mind you know.
That's why we cannot
get enlightenment.
When this all your clutter
then your mind will be free
and you can feel that okay try
to listen the ways of nature.
Don't speak by such...people
are praying...their wording okay
and like yesterday I also
praying with wording is okay
but I think that's
your religious pray,
in Hindu the call it mantra,
we call it azan or [inaudible]
or [inaudible] a lot of these
are song singing, that's okay
but in meditation needs
nothing this is only empty mind.
When your empty mind get and
you can listen to the ways
of nature, the small
insects or flowers
or birds oh it's too
much beautiful harmony.
Then after then you can
pray by your own religion,
you'll be more satisfied with
your pray, this is my way to do.
>> In the world other
people speak
of the sacred feminine
coming back, how does it feel
for you being from Islam,
how do you hear that?
>> The sacred what's...
>> The sacred feminine,
the feminine,
like it was a very
patriarchal society
and now the society needs
more of the female values,
how do you feel about that?
>> Oh, I see, I see, I see...
>> You heard of it.
>> I think a little
bit I heard of it,
but I can tell you it's
depend on your spiritual mind,
the people that somebody hasn't
experienced the love of father,
love of mother so what is it
they're looking for some love
so this kind of love for
example I'm telling you I'm not
so familiar with Christianity.
It's happen the first time to
the Jesus Christ that he pray
and he feel that the
Holy Spirit comes
and they get the female
spirit and Jesus was there
and female spirit comes
[inaudible] called the Holy
Spirit, that kind of
philosophy I can understand it
because God is like you
know...God is not like us,
not like a human being but
he is all kind of passion,
all kind of passion,
all kind of love,
so people if they are
looking for the love of mother
like a female spirit it will
appear and people can feel
like that, they got plenty
[inaudible] in Christianity,
a lot of people I can see this
is all the Holy Spirit is a
female spirit and we are blessed
with that, it sometime happen.
Even sometimes the
male spirit also come,
so in my case you know
because I believe it's
like my father was spiritual,
my grandfather was spiritual,
I feel that the God spirit
is like a male spirit to me
so that's why you know I work
with the spirit so I feel
that he loves me, I love him,
so this kind of...you know I
can understand that feeling.
>> Okay and the mother earth.
>> Mother earth, yes.
>> She's feminine.
>> That's what I'm telling you
that's what this...mother earth
you can say feminine and heaven
is the male, male and female.
>> Father sky, mother earth.
>> Father sky, mother land, yes
but this is the balance of that
because you know our
body come from you know,
we born from this,
it's a biology [inaudible] would
say it's [inaudible] becoming a
human being before we was any
[inaudible] maybe it can works
but [inaudible] is not important
the main thing is you are
in your spirit.
How you develop your spirit.
>> But we have very much
prayed and have a connection
to this Holy Father and I feel
that there's a dis-imbalance
with the mother earth you know
so that recreates...because
we don't really respect her.
I mean here in Japan I really
feel the respect of many people
and there but in general even
in Japan we're not this
mother, we have forgotten.
>> You're right that's
because most of the people
in Japan they worship nature,
in Shintoism I'm telling you
they worship...they make...
>> I love when you say I'm
telling you, I love it,
don't you love it, oh
my God it's precious.
>> This is really because
28 years I'm living here
and I experience Japanese
spirit, Japanese religion,
I studied them so in Shintoism
I study them very well you know,
really they love nature, they
pray to tree, they praying
to mountain, they're
praying to the sea,
they're really...I think that's
why they're really best country
because the mother earth
and mother natures
are protecting them
so it doesn't mean that
they are not following
but really they believe
in nature and four times
in a year...after every three
months you know the royal king
family he comes and he
makes some ceremony,
it's the Shinto way to
bring blessing to the people
and blessing to the farming
people and fishing people,
this way I love this nation,
the Japanese are really near
to the nation and
near to the God.
>> How about Japanese TV
tell us a little bit about it
because you're doing some
shows, is it kind of strange
where we turn on...how's
it doing?
>> Actually I'm living
more than 28 years here
so I can speak better than
English, my Japanese is better
than japanese as you can
understand yesterday,
I was talking in Japanese.
So I learn I was graduated
from the Japanese university
so I was writer at the...in
the newspaper and people
like my you know columns and
articles because in Pakistan
and coming to Japan and
writing some different angle.
[Inaudible section]
I wrote a book
in Japanese then I
became famous in Japan
so after then the television
was asking me to come
and do interview same
like you are doing.
So when I get this kind of
interview, no you should come
over regular program
and just speak
about ten minutes every week.
And I'm giving the message to
ten minutes then I get a lot
of regular programs and now I
am giving any national issue
like terrorism, Islam or what
problems come, they come to me,
they say give us you
opinion, what's happening.
A lot of you know problems
are happening in Japan also
like religious terrorism, many
cult religion is also here
so whenever something
happened they come to me,
so that's why I love to make
communication especially my main
talk is like this special talk,
I give them this special talk.
>> How I have this
little question
because you brought the word
cult, how do you define a cult,
how do people know it's a cult?
>> Actually most of
the cult you know
in my definition
cult is you know
if the religion give you
spirit more [inaudible]
in your conscious level
is the best religion,
even if it's a new religion it
doesn't matter, what is trying
to do...because they
are innovating it,
making the good...producing
the good people sending
in the society and they're
producing a lot of things,
I think that's the
best religion.
The people who are creating the
people with the religious mind,
controlling their
mind and sending them
to destroy the social
system, destroy the nation,
destroying the country
I think that's a cult,
even in Islam you can
say a lot of cults.
In our country, in our
nation so cult mean is
if the religion is
destroying the people,
destroying the humanity
is the cult.
If the religion is building
the human nation or flourishing
or maybe trying to produce
in the best people...
>> Without wanting to control.
>> Without wanting to control
so this is the way what I feel.
>> Beautiful...do you have
a message, something else
that you would like to add
to this beautiful
video and conversation?
>> Yeah, just maybe
I will be thankful
to around the world people are
watching whether they are black
people of Africa, French,
white people or my India,
Pakistan around the world
is all people are my brother
and sister, I love you
and why I can say you
because I love God
and God love me.
Same thing I want to say
please try to be closer to God,
love the God, get the
God loves and be united
as a human being, as one family.
So we are the one family love
each other respect each other
religion, don't try to
make conflict and fight.
This is only way to bring
peace because only one love
of God can make peace
on the world
and we can be a good family, a
loving family, we are the world,
we are the children, this is my
message to all around the world.
>> Thank you so much, big
kisses my beautiful co-creators,
hope you're enjoying this video
and I wish you many,
many blessings.